README.md, before:

# Import Screens to Kodika.io Zeplin Extension
Kodika.io is an iPad app (and soon Mac) that makes the development of iOS apps fast and easy for everyone, without the need for mobile programming knowledge. The user can design, prototype, program, test, and then release, all from inside the platform of Kodika.

With the Zeplin extension, the user can import whole screens from Zeplin into Kodika with just a tap.

## Download Kodika.io iPad app
[![Download on the App Store](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/download_appstore.png)](https://l.kodika.io/UL79R12iTZ)

## Install Extension
 1. Install the [Import Screen to Kodika.io Zeplin extension](https://extensions.zeplin.io/kodika/Kodika.io-Zeplin-Extension)
 2. Enable the extension in any Zeplin iOS project.

## How to import from Zeplin to Kodika.io
 1. Navigate to the screen that you want to import.
 2. Deselect any selected element (if any) by pressing out of the design/screen.
 3. Copy the *code* that exists on the extensions section (right side) by using the clipboard icon.
![Copy](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/zeplin_copy.png)
 4. Open Kodika.io iPad app. 
 5. Create a new project, if not already.
 6. Go to View Controllers on the left menu.
 7. Press Import from Zeplin button.
![View Controller Import](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/ViewControllerImport.png)
 8. Check the preview of your imported screen.
 9. Press IMPORT and add a name for your new View Controller.
 
## Make it responsive
After import, Kodika will inform you about the size of the imported screen.
When in the design editor, you will be able to check your design in all different iPhone sizes. 
To make it responsive:
1. Select the imported screen size from the Dropdown.
2. Select the design elements that you want to make responsive 
3. Add Pins or Constraints.
4. Switch between different screen sizes to see your design in all sizes.

![Responsive](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/Responsive.png)

Commit message:

Updated README for Mac and Video Tutorials

README.md, after:


# Import Screens to Kodika.io Zeplin Extension
[Kodika.io](https://kodika.io) is a Mac and iPad app that makes the development of iOS apps fast and easy for everyone, without the need for mobile programming knowledge. The user can design, prototype, program, test, and then release, all from inside the platform of Kodika.

With the Zeplin extension, the user can import whole screens from Zeplin into Kodika with just a tap.

## Download Kodika.io Mac app
[![Download on the Mac App Store](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/download_mac.png)](https://l.kodika.io/Qt7aWcGWC5)

## Download Kodika.io iPad app
[![Download on the App Store](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/download_appstore.png)](https://l.kodika.io/UL79R12iTZ)

## Install Extension
 1. Install the [Import Screen to Kodika.io Zeplin extension](https://extensions.zeplin.io/kodika/Kodika.io-Zeplin-Extension)
 2. Enable the extension in any Zeplin iOS project.

## How to import from Zeplin to Kodika.io
 1. Navigate to the screen that you want to import.
 2. Deselect any selected element (if any) by pressing out of the design/screen.
 3. Copy the *code* that exists on the extensions section (right side) by using the clipboard icon.
![Copy](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/zeplin_copy.png)
 4. Open Kodika.io app (Mac or iPad).
 5. Create a new project, if not already.
 6. Go to View Controllers on the left menu.
 7. Press Import from Zeplin button.
![View Controller Import](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/ViewControllerImport.png)
 8. Check the preview of your imported screen.
 9. Press IMPORT and add a name for your new View Controller.

## Video Tutorial
You can check this [video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyARZzFH4RI) to learn more about the Zeplin extension, or check out our [Youtube tutorial series](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAomNi_9qNYFva333Ir9G_0ydxY90jzxM).

## Make it responsive
After import, Kodika will inform you about the size of the imported screen.
When in the design editor, you will be able to check your design in all different iPhone sizes. 
To make it responsive:
1. Select the imported screen size from the Dropdown.
2. Select the design elements that you want to make responsive 
3. Add Pins or Constraints.
4. Switch between different screen sizes to see your design in all sizes.

![Responsive](https://github.com/kodika/ImportScreensToZeplin-Readme/raw/master/Images/Responsive.png)
